Chapter 1
George's father. He was born in Tuscany. Very quick to anger. He was a traveling businessman who detests removing his shoes in other people's homes and wears his sneakers in the swimming pool. He is also a former cook in the Army and learned to speak Korean while serving in the Korean War. He invents the holiday Festivus as a reaction to the cultural commercialism of Christmas.
Estelle Costanza	29	Estelle Harris	George's highly obnoxious and melodramatic mother. She constantly squabbles with Frank and George about their actions but is the closest thing to reason in the Costanza household. Enjoys playing Mahjong. George claims she has never laughed, ever.
Susan Ross	29	Heidi Swedberg	Susan was George's on-off girlfriend and later fiancée. The daughter of wealthy parents, she worked for NBC before getting fired as a result of her relationship with George. She later partnered with a woman named Mona, but then returned to her relationship with George and got engaged to him. She dies from licking cheap, toxic wedding invitation envelopes George bought. George initially shows little remorse at her demise despite her devotion to him.
Morty Seinfeld	24	Phil Bruns (first appearance), Barney Martin (later appearances)	Jerry's father. He has strong, if sometimes outdated, convictions about business and the way of the world. He spent some time as a politician in his Florida retirement community. During his working years, he sold raincoats with Harry Fleming and was the inventor of the "belt-less trench-coat." He hates Velcro because of "that tearing sound." He is extremely mindful of money, once calculating the interest and lost value of $50 that was owed several decades ago. He engages in frequent disputes with Jerry over money, refusing to let his son pay for anything in his presence, particularly restaurant checks.
Helen Seinfeld	24	Liz Sheridan	Jerry's mother. Often needed to provide reason to Jerry's and Morty's eccentric lifestyle, though overprotective of Jerry and often refuses point-blank to do anything that would inconvenience him. She is the only secondary character to appear in all nine seasons.
Jacopo "J." Peterman	22	John O'Hurley	Elaine's boss in the last three seasons and the fictitious founder of the real-life J. Peterman Company. Eccentric adventurer and world-traveler, he lived in Costa Rica as a child. Once fired Elaine on suspicion of opium addiction when she failed a drug test after consuming a poppy seed muffin, and again for her extreme dislike of the film The English Patient. O'Hurley has said that Peterman's distinctive manner of speaking was inspired by "'40s radio drama, combined with a bit of a bad Charles Kuralt."[2]
ffffff

lets begin worker